Endless update is here! Infinite versions of all Ammobox ammo types added to the game!
New feature: Ammo Display - shows ammo that will be used when held weapon is shot!
Developers of other mods can also add support for their mods to Ammobox+! (For more info, see GitHub repo)

Ammobox+ is a mod that's entirely dedicated to the ranger specialization of Terraria, and adds 43 new ammo types with new effects and their own recipes to the game.
Currently added ammo types:
    - Rubber Bullet - has a very high knockback
    - Peculiar Bullet - has a chance to turn enemies into a Bunny
    - Drugged Bullet - creates an aura of damage around a shot enemy
    - Ice Bullet - slows down enemies, with a chance to freeze them
    - Markershot - shot enemy takes 15% more damage
    - Miner Bullet - has a low chance of dropping a random amount of ore
    - Spectral Bullet - can penetrate up to 4 blocks, but the accuracy decreases substantially with each block
    - Starfall Bullet - has a low chance to turn into a star
    - And more, including new arrow, dart and rocket types!
Please report issues on the GitHub issue tracker!
GitHub: https://github.com/Muzuwi/AmmoboxPlus
Terraria Forums: https://forums.terraria.org/index.php?threads/ammobox.72004/
---------- CHANGELOG ----------

v1.4.4.1 - Endless update! New, infinite versions of all Ammobox ammo types
	   New UI Element: Ammo Display - Shows ammo that will be shot from held weapon. Off by default - Default hotkey is 'P'
	   Fix miner ammo dropping lunar ore/ammoboxes dropping post-ML ammo after defeating any mech boss
	   Added Mod.Call abilities, modders can now use several different commands to enhance compatibility of their mods with Ammobox+
	   Secret items...?
	   Minor optimizations

v1.3.3.1 - Add rockets to Ammoboxes

v1.3.3.0 - Rocket update! 13 new rocket types added (special effects only work with Rocket Launcher/Grenade Launcher/Snowman Cannon/Proximity Mine Launcher, Celebration is not included due to programming issues and Electrosphere Launcher is planned in the future. Celebration, Electrosphere Launcher and modded launchers can use the rockets, however they behave just like Rocket III/IV's, and have no special effects)
	   Fix ammo dropped from ammoboxes very rarely getting prefixes
	   Fix bullet hitboxes

v1.2.2.9 - Fix possible multiplayer Ice/Slime desync
	   Changed ice ammo recipe
	   Changed slime ammo recipe
	   Nerfed slime slowdown
	   Possibly a few more things I forgot

v1.2.2.7 - Arrow Update! 10 new arrow types added
	   New items - Ammo Boxes and Ammo Boxes Plus!
	   Changed rubber bullet recipe, now requires 10 pink gel
	   Reworked Drugged/Cactus effect
Full changelog available on GitHub

v1.1.2.4 - Dart Update! 12 new ammo types (Darts), ranging from Pre-Hardmode to Hardmode. 
	   Netsync should be more stable now
	   Redid slime and ice effects, should work without any bugs on most enemies (however, a blacklist for certain enemies still exists)

v1.0.2.2 - Fixed Starfall Bullet recipe

---------- Known issues ---------- 
  - Ice/Slime ammo may rarely cause erratic movement in enemies, please report such cases on the Issue Tracker on GitHub